good morning flat start new
day
starting position 1
I'm ready for everything yes coffee is overpriced
price
mine with 37 dollars so I adore this
the song
come with me if you don't want to die
we produce the chosen and the prophecy
says you're the most important person in
of the universe
You're the true and all I relax
already the purpose of your visit is to cut you in
podsaky apple sake and great masters
lord business is going to destroy us
mems
but there is still hope, I came favorites
I know what you think he least of all
looks like a leader and you are right
three in all respects solid
disappointment i'm not elected i am total
just an ordinary guy you have
opportunity to become publications I believe in you
robots destroy its author
improvising in Lithuania like a pun
take him in half a good cop
there is no hello here do not call glass
water yes generally
but in vain we penetrate him never
it was original we are not true for it
present to you two I 'm nothing now
everyone can watch telly together him and
friends this is the most stupid idea that i
I heard the sound of it but also the worst exam